(motorcycle engine revving)
Hey, Kazutora, where
are we going to now?
Well, Mikey's birthday's
coming up, right?
So we're goin' shopping
for a present for him!
What kinda present?
We got no money.
-No need!
-Huh?
[Kazutora] Over there,
that's the place.
[Baji] It's here?
[Kazutora] Yeah, there it is.
-A CB250T.
-It's beautiful.
All right, let's steal it.
Huh?
Wait, we can't do that!
You dumbass.
We don't need to tell
him how we got it!
The only way kids
like us ever get one
is if somebody gives us one.
Or if we steal one.
(Baji grunts)
[Baji] It actually opened!
[Kazutora] Yeah, and no
security alarms or anything!
Sweet.
[Baji] Are we really
gonna do this, Kazutora?
[Kazutora] Just shut up.
Which way do we go?
-Look there, Baji.
-Whoa!
All right, let's roll it out!
No not yet!
I'll go out front and
open the shutters up.
Yeah, okay!
Hurry up!
You're gonna have the
best birthday ever, Mikey!
Hey!
(Baji gasps)
You picked the wrong shop
to break into, asshole.
Hey, wait a sec,
you look familiar.
Are you Keisuke?
(Baji gasps)
Shinichiro?
Why are you in here?
(Baji gasps)
No, Kazutora, don't!
-(Kazutora grunts)
-(tool clangs)
Time to get outta here, Baji!
[Baji] Oh my god, what
have you done, Kazutora?
Huh? What was I
supposed to do?
He saw your face!
I know him 'cause,
because he's Mikey's
older brother!
Mikey's brother?
No way!
How could we've made
such a huge mistake?
We were trying to steal a bike
that belonged to
Mikey's older brother!
[Officer] Roger that, dispatch.
We have two suspects in
custody at the scene.
One victim, severe head trauma,
en route to the hospital
by ambulance, code three.
I don't get it!
How could any of
this have happened?
Must kill, must kill Mikey.
-Baji!
-Huh?
What's going on?
(Baji sobbing)
Mikey!
What happened in there?
I'm so sorry.
After that, Mikey and I
went our separate ways.
Truth is, you remind
me of my older brother.
He's dead now.
[Takemichi Voiceover]
Mikey told me once
that he had a brother who died!
So these two are the ones who-
Kazutora defended me in court.
That's the only reason
I didn't go to juvie.
An' since then, I've
just been waiting
'til he was finally
a free man again.
(Takemichi gasps)
[Takemichi Voiceover]
Does that mean Baji's
always been loyal to
Kazutora, and not to Toman?
So he didn't just
leave Toman on a whim!
But if that's true,
then how the hell am I
supposed to drag him back?
Awesome, helluva story Baji.
And that kind of dedication
is definitely welcome here.
Baji, you get a Valhalla jacket!
And you tell Mikey something.
One week from right now on
the night of October 31st,
Abandoned car lot, finally
Valhalla versus Toman.
Shit's goin' down!
(Takemichi gasps)
(opening theme music)
(crickets chirping)
[Takemichi Voiceover] So Baji's
always been Toman's enemy.
And now there's a huge
battle coming up in a week.
(Takemichi sighs)
We'll fight with Valhalla soon.
So bring Baji back.
[Takemichi Voiceover]
That's impossible, Mikey.
How the hell can I bring
him back in a week?
That's totally not happening!
But if you fail, I'll kill you.
[Takemichi Voiceover]
What am I gonna do?
(Takemichi sighs)
I didn't get any sleep at all.
I feel like an old man.
(Takemichi sighs)
[Takemichi Voiceover] I
don't know what to do!
What am I gonna tell
Mikey about Baji?
(Takemichi sighs)
-Hey, blondie!
-Huh?
Get over here.
Come on over here
and take a seat.
[Takemichi Voiceover]
Who, who's this guy?
He's been hurt, bad.
And I think he must
have a few screws loose.
Gonna ignore him.
Guess we both had us
a rough day yesterday.
Huh, what's that?
That Baji!
Sure is awesome, isn't he?
Do you know Baji?
Wait who are you?
I'm in the Tokyo Manji Gang too.
I'm the 1st Division's
Vice Captain.
Name's Chifuyu Matsuno.
(Takemichi gasps)
(punch thuds)
You're the guy Baji
beat the shit out of
at Valhalla's base!
Look who's talking.
You oughta thank Baji
for slugging you.
Huh?
Why the hell would I do that?
You totally ruined the ceremony
to appoint a new Captain
for the 3rd Division.
(Takemichi grunts)
For that you'd have gotten
punished pretty severely
if Baji hadn't slugged ya.
Oh.
[Chifuyu] The reason
Baji beat me up
was to get into Valhalla.
But he didn't join Valhalla
because he wants to crush Toman.
Huh?
Baji's got something
else in mind.
It's Kisaki.
Huh?
That's the reason Baji joined
Valhalla in the first place,
to expose Kisaki.
So I hear, you know about
my brother, Shinichiro.
He was the ultimate badass.
He was amazing.
He was.
Hey, Takemitchy.
We know how it all happened.
And we know there's nothing
we can do to change it.
Neither Baji or Kazutora meant
for it to go down like that.
Yeah.
My brother's gone and I know
nothing will bring him back.
But, my heart still
can't accept it.
The CB250T Baji and Kazutora
tried to steal that night
was my brother's.
[Takemichi] Huh?
He was going to give it
to me for my birthday.
This bike is all I've got
left of my brother now.
It's precious to me.
As for Baji, It's been two
years and I've forgiven him.
But, even if they didn't
know it was his shop,
and even if there's nothing
we can do about it now
I'll never be able
to forgive Kazutora,
he's the one who
killed my brother.
Or forgive Baji for
siding with Kazutora.
Takemitchy, I'm pretty
sure I asked you
to bring Baji back to me.
So what's Baji's vice captain
doing here instead of him?
What are you trying to
pull here, Takemitchy?
Do you really want to die?
No, I, I uh...
[Takemichi Voiceover]
What am I doing here?
What is it I wanna do?
The reason Baji went
over to Valhalla
was to spy on Kisaki.
Oh!
Does that mean that,
that Valhalla and Kisaki
are connected in some way?
Probably so.
And if Baji's investigating
from within Valhalla
then I'm gonna investigate
Kisaki from the outside.
Will you help me, Takemichi?
Huh?
I have to do something.
'Cuz on his own he just flies
off the handle too easily.
[Takemichi] How do you know
Baji's investigating Kisaki?
Did he tell you that himself?
[Chifuyu] No, he didn't
say that exactly.
-Huh?
-But I'm certain of it.
I can always tell
what Baji's# thinking.
I've been by his
side for so long.
What I want to do
here is simple.
I just want to help Baji out.
What do you want, tell me.
Huh?
At that 3rd Division
Captain's ceremony
you punched Kisaki.
That was a really
dangerous thing to do.
What was that about?
What were you tryin' to do?
[Takemichi Voiceover]
Me, I, well, I was...
What was I trying to do?
That's right!
Mikey ordered me to
bring Baji back to Toman
and I was hoping he'd get
rid of Kisaki if I did that.
Because if Kisaki's out of Toman
then the future would change
and I might save Hina!
No!
That's not it, that's not
what I swore back then!
Mikey.
I, I want to become
the head of Toman!
And I'll make you acknowledge
me as the boss someday!
Because that's
what I really want!
Oh yeah?
What a dumbass.
Dream on.
-(calm music)
-(raindrops thudding)
[Mikey] Yeah.
You're insane.
You're beyond oblivious,
you know that right?
Yeah, I do have to admit,
I don't know why I
went and said that!
My heart's still goin'
100 miles an hour!
(Chifuyu chuckles)
How 'bout we make a deal?
I'll help you realize your goal
of getting to the top of Toman
if in turn you'll help me out
with what I'm trying to do.
Huh?
Does that mean you
believe in me, then?
Do you think I could actually
make it to the top of Toman?
Oh hell no, not a chance!
[Takemichi] Aagh, I knew it!
You want my help but the whole
time you're laughing at me!
Chill out, I'll still help you.
(Takemichi sighs)
Okay then it's a deal.
We can both help each other.
(Chifuyu chuckles) Glad you're
on my side, let's do it!
And you and I are
in the same grade,
so you don't have to
treat me like your senior.
Huh?
Same grade?
Well why didn't you
say something sooner?
(Chifuyu chuckles) Well,
why didn't you ever ask?
Well you're a vice-captain
so I automatically figured
you had to be older!
Although since you
outrank me in Toman
I guess it amounts
to the same thing.
So maybe I shouldn't
be too casual-
We need to link
Kisaki with Valhalla,
that's the first thing.
[Takemichi] Hm?
-Have you got any leads?
-I do.
[Takemichi] This is your lead?
Come on, let's go.
Hm?
-(hammer thudding)
-Hm?
Osanai, you've got company!
(Takemichi gasps)
[Takemichi Voiceover]
That's the guy
who used to command
Moebius, Osanai!
What do you two want?
Who the hell are you?
[Kisaki] You're Osanai,
from Moebius, right?
Huh?
Who the hell wants to know?
[Osanai Voiceover] At
first, I just thought
he was some stupid little brat.
Join up with me, and you can
take over Tokyo in no time.
And I don't need
anything in return.
I'll get my own reward!
Huh?
You see I know my
own limitations well.
I know the moon can't
shine on its own.
And that was my first
encounter with Tetta Kisaki.
Before him I just beat the shit
out of people I didn't like.
And no one ever stood
up to me either.
Eventually, everybody was
gone and I wound up alone.
And Kisaki picked exactly
that moment to approach me.
[Takemichi Voiceover]
Kisaki, a stupid little brat?
And surprisingly, when I did
just what Kisaki told me,
everything worked out.
So I went in just a
single year from a moron
who didn't know
anything but fighting
to the commander who ruled
over all of Shinjuku.
In just a year!
You're saying that the reason
you became the commander
of Moebius so rapidly
was because Kisaki
was there helping you?
Yeah.
Just 'cause you're
good at fighting
doesn't mean you're
a good leader.
Then, I take it Kisaki was
your most trusted subordinate?
(Osanai grumbles)
I was a stepping stone for
Kisaki and never anything else!
That became clear to me
after that huge fight!
The Battle of August Third!
You mean when Draken
got stabbed, right?
That whole thing was
planned out in advance.
Kisaki orchestrated it all.
Kisaki pushed Pah to
the breaking point
in order to create a reason
for a fight with Toman.
And then he made me
take the rap for it!
So you mean it was
all Kisaki's fault?
And then after I got
stabbed to end that fight
he met secretly with Mikey,
and he told him he didn't
like how I was running things.
He got himself on Mikey's
good side by claiming
he could prove Pah's innocence.
What was Kisaki trying to
accomplish with all of that?
Kisaki's goal was
to use other people
to get Draken killed in
the Battle of August Third.
And then with that seat open
he could take over himself
as Toman's number two!
[Takemichi] So it was Kisaki
who was behind all of that!
And after he used me
he tossed me aside.
And now I hear he's already got
his next sword at the ready.
And that sword's
name is Shuji Hanma!
Huh?
Are you serious, the
guy from Valhalla?
[Osanai] Yeah.
If you knew about
it all this time
why haven't you taken
out Kisaki yourself?
Instead it sounds
like you stood by
and let him play you
like a fiddle, Osanai.
If it was just a
matter of fighting,
or even if I needed to
try and outsmart him,
then I would have tried.
But he's, how do I put this?
The man is just evil!
How can I explain it?
What kind of monster uses others
to kill people without
getting their own hands dirty?
Who knows what he'd do
if I went after him?
No, my days of dealing
with Kisaki are over now.
(train cars thudding)
Well one thing's clear now.
Huh?
Valhalla does have
someone at the top!
Even without an obvious boss,
and so full of mysteries
that the gang's called
the Headless Angel,
it turns out there is a leader!
The leader no one knew about!
And his name is Tetta Kisaki!
(Takemichi gasps)
And currently,
Kisaki is in Toman.
Which means the throne is empty!
[Takemichi Voiceover] Kisaki
is the head of Valhalla?
Then why is he a
member of Toman?
Why would he want
to fight Valhalla?
What the hell is he
trying to accomplish?
There are so many things
I don't understand!
Takemitchy?
[Takemichi Voiceover]
If that's the case.
(electricity crackling)
Sorry again, Naoto, for
being so much trouble.
Oh don't worry about it.
I've gotten used to it.
So tell me, what is it
you wanna ask him now?
[Draken] Ah, you're
back again, Takemitchy?
I'm sorry to keep bugging
you like this, Draken.
Why didn't you leave
Tokyo like I said?
Uh, I needed to
ask you something.
Do you remember the gang
they called Valhalla?
They had a leader
no one knew, right?
[Draken] Yeah.
And their leader was
Kisaki, wasn't it?
-No, it wasn't.
-Huh?
The guy who led
Valhalla was Mikey.
Huh!
Valhalla was put together
specifically for Mikey.
There's no way, impossible!
Mikey is the head of Toman!
That would make Valhalla
his sworn enemy!
Impossible?
How could you have
forgotten that day?
[Takemichi Voiceover]
What's he talking about?
Is he saying I was
actually there?
It all happened 12 years
ago on October 31st.
The Bloody Halloween.
Toman was taken
over by Valhalla.
And it was re-formed
with Valhalla
as its parent organization.
That's the current Toman.
[Takemichi Voiceover]
Bloody Halloween?
Does that mean on the
day of the big battle
between Toman and Valhalla?
[Draken] Yes, that
was the first time
Toman ever lost a fight.
What, Toman's gonna
lose that fight?
How can that be when they
have the Invincible Mikey?
Ah.
Mikey was the very reason
that Toman lost that fight.
Huh?
They lost because of him?
No way!
Even now, I wonder why I
didn't realize it at the time.
The heavy cross that he
carried with him all the time
even though he just
a 15 year old kid.
Stop it! Mikey!
(punches thudding)
On that day Mikey
went after Kazutora.
And he killed him.
(closing theme music)
(singing in Japanese)